Arabella was in her room standing in from of the mirror as tall as her ,behind it was a winoss and white curtains being blown by the window that entered the room ,the lady next to her was gazing at her new dress ,it was cream white ,"it's beautiful isn't it?",said the lady as she looked at Arabella who smiled looking at herself in the mirror,"it's wonderful",said Arabella,"which necklace do you want to wear today?",said the lady ,"the Lavadores", said Arabella as the lady went to open a drawer and took out a golden necklace glistening as the sun touched it ,"I feel it's too much",said Arabella ,"it's not madam,if it is you will remove it ",said lady ,"oh yes that's true ",said Arabella as she played her hand in her chest right next to the necklace,her smile didn't seem to fade away,'you seek very happy today madam"said the lady ,"I've found a diamond and it brightens the room",said Arabella ,"ah love ",said the lady as there was a knock on the door ,the lady walked to open it and it was a housekeeper,"morning Miss Cavendish and lady Garters,Your father is expecting you to join him in 10mins he wishes to talk to you ",said the housekeeper, as lady Garters closed the door ,"Lady Garter ,do you think any men would want to sleep with me ?",said Arabella looking at lady garter with a angelic sunshine smile , quite a shocking smile I may say ,every woman has  something between their legs but not all have a great personality,lady garter had no choice but to lie ,"any men would fall for you ,you are such a beautiful woman and caring ,you are seductive ma'am ",said lady garter as Arabella moved close to her ,"thanks ,tide up - I'll be going to father  and tell Stephen to not touch Tom today ",said Arabella leaving the room 
"ah quite a lady",said lady Garters as she started placing back things to where they are were before Arabella moved them ,"clumsy and allergic to cleanness",said lady Garters as she started cleaning the place 
Arabella found Hugo Cavendish was standing the a balcony of the sitting room ,it gave him the backyard view ,where the mountains stood. "Morning father,I see you're busy adoring your favorite painting ",said Arabella as Hugo turned and hugged her,"My Angel,Did you sleep well?"said Hugo as he had a cigar in his right hand ,,"I did ", said Arabella,"that's great, very wonderful but that's going to change from now on ,my love - you might end up having to go to your Mom",said Hugo ,"why is that ",said Arabella not liking where this was going ,"because war is going and the Doyleys will start it ",said Hugo,"Father I prefer staying with you ,I'm more safe here ",said Arabella,as Hugo held chin, you're a good girl but I can't guarantee your safety ",said Hugo ,"don't worry ,I'm always safe ",said Arabella,"Stays away from Brenda ",said Hugo ,"why she's my friend ",said Arabella,"There's this new lotion or potion whatever chemical they call ,Brenda is Bred now ,it changes your gender in a jiffy ",said Hugo ,"oh I have heard if it but I assure you ,most will die ",said Arabella,"oh what makes you so sure "said Hugo ,"my client works for the company that's responsible for that product and a few have already died ,my client wants to be protected from the outcomes and blame the company ,it's a complicated one but I am aware I'm on the losing side if I accept the client ,so I won't "said Arabella,"lawyers like you are what we need as businessmen ,I was going to make you join the worldfare but then you will be their toy"said Hugo ,"I'm okay with what I have father ,and if you wish to send a guard to follow me ,you should not ",said Arabella as she gave him a kiss on his cheek,"enjoy your day ",said Hugo ,"I will and you should stay away from your cave office ",said Arabella as Hugo laughed 
-----
In Kazersdales House

Raymond was already wake not because he slept but because he didn't ,he was awake because he was bothered by the graph under his bed that grape was Lucille and he ought to find out more about him but she seemed to be a ghost unknown to the world ,he had found himself in a hole darker than the black hole. A knock disturbed him from his investigation,"come in",said Raymond,it was max carrying a bunch of papers for Raymond ,"sir what are you looking for ?"said max as he lay the papers on Raymond's bed,"just researching ",said Raymond,"by the way sir ,Alex has ordered the Kingsbat riders to go to dizzydean's territory and find the van ",said max,"that's what I wanted ,it's better if it's them than her personally",said Raymond,"I agree ",said max,"tell her we will be going to our mom's old delivery store ",said Raymond ,"I will sir but Alex would want to know why ",said max,"it's because it seems our father is in debt and the old delivery store is where we will know more information about the debt he left on our shoulders,plus it might affect sosadium ",said Raymond ,"after hearing that I'm sure she will be ready to come since it solves Sosadium ",said max as max as Raymond was looking around he seems to be looking for something in his pile of books and papers that were in the bed,"what are you looking for sir ",said max,"I'm looking for a paper "said Raymond ,"I should be leaving it seems you are doing a lot today ",said max as he left ,"ahhh" said Raymond as he found the paper he was looking for ,"I got it max",said ray one looking at the door max was gone and he didn't realize it ,"when did he leave ",said Raymond as he went back to his paper and books
As he were the only information amazing he uncovered in his investigation was one of the Information many died when they discovered it ,it was like finding a cure for cancer ,you never get the chance to tell anyone about it ,he had found out about the existence of the Worldfare. It wasn't a criminal organizations like what they grew up 11 Avenue,Carcass Street East of Kingsmere,where each street was owned by a criminal organizations. What he had discovered about Worldfare was it was a world of the rich where they could do whatever they wished and used their own currency the gold coins and him discovering this made him aware that there was a high probably of Hugo being involved in making of the gold coins making him question ,why Lucille would want him to kill Hugo,does his employer want the gold if he did why did he choose Raymond,he now was forced to go back to carcass street im-ex store ,their mom's old delivery service store.
There was a knock on the door ,"come in" said Raymond as his mind was being chocked by the knowledge he had just swallowed down his tight throat ,it was Alex she entered and got shocked by the books ,"reading are we?,don't tell me you called me here to come and study sex positions with you brother ?",said Alex picking up a book written all the names of their deliverymen and their families,"I didn't know we had this book",said Alex ,"I prefer keeping the information in books than computers ",said Raymond ,"yeah because computers can be destroy and books can be burnt ,so why are we going to mom's store",said Alex walking towards raymond who was sitting in the bed as Alex grabbed the book he was reading making Raymond look at her ,"tell me already",said Alex ,"max told you "said raymond,as Raymond looked at the windows on the left side of his back that gives him.the view of the gate,"so you're lying huh ,and I'm sure you're hoping to tell me I'm our way there then",said Alex resting her hand in her waist as she pushed back her hair ,"yeah that's the plan",said Raymond as he stood up from the back ,"should I get someone to tide up the room?",said Alex ,"it's interesting to see you being kind ,are you plotting ?" Said raymond as he was standing close at her enough that their noses were touching,which is basically kissing in the olden days they kisses using their nose ,I mean the animals kiss using their nose but you get the point ,Alex backed away a little ,"i can just burn everything in this room ",said Alex as she opened the door and got out ,"I love it when my room is like this ,ideas come to me ",said Raymond as he closed the door and pulled out a key from his pocket and started locking his door ,Alex looked back at him and was surprised ,"are you hiding something in that room of yours ,cause this is the first time seeing you lock your room "said Alex as Raymond finished locking the room and placed his left hand on his heart ,"eh yeah I prefer you speaking instead of using your weird hand language",said Alex ,"protection my knowledge,I will explain later ",said Raymond as he passed her while she looked at him ,"you better tell me ,asshole",said Alex following behind him 
-----
In 17 Avenue Sevenleven street,one of the most dangerous streets known in kingsmere ,owned by Dizzy Dean . Dizzy Dean is one of the guys who grew up fantasizing about the end of the world like it was his Dream ,but because life wanted him to work and get money in order to live ,he chose to make his own gang and with it ,he stole from his own even the cops  couldn't get him it's like the hole of Havenfall was protecting him or something but many people prayed to the hole to take him to the abyss ,Dizzy Dean is a man of money ,day and night . He rules the sevenleven street using gambling , people who stay there probably own him their houses ,their children even the unborn , because when you bet in dizzydean's games ,you can even bet with the none existing .
A car pulled up in from of the Gym ,he got out as he was carrying a black plastic back ,in went to the passenger see and resched inside to hand the driver the cab payment ,"thank you sir ",said the driver as he drove away ,the street wasnt quiet like the streets in those old western town where cowboys rule ,no it was like there was a party to happen tonight , people were outside chilling ,some passing by ,some getting out if the nearby shops and there the man took in from of the gym ,it was one of dizzydean's favourite place some say when you want to find him home you should come here ,if you want to go to his office you should come here ,this was his office ,the guy entered inside ,there were men in the rings that was in the middle of the room they were fighting or maybe training you just can't seem to tell the difference when you see one of them gets punched enough to see the blood dripping from there nose,the place was full of testosterone,blood sweat and no tears for they had balls hard as steel ,"hey what are you doing here",said one of the guys who were busy lifting dumbbell next to the ring ,he didn't notice them because the fight in the ring was quite extraordinary,it was like watching japanese ninjas doing sorcery in from of his eyes ,"didn't you hear me,I said what are you doing here ",said the guy as the fight stopped everyone was now looking at the stranger in the room ,"I'm Adultery Hazelnut" said the adultery as some of the men laughed at the back ,"oh I was told adultery was coming didn't think it's actually a human, thought boss was saying it's some sexy ladies with short seductive skirts",said the guy ,"young man,tell me here your elder is ",said adultery,well many people wondered why they called him adultery hazelnut,it wasn't because of him having what we call coitus with you ,oh no it was far more worse ,adultery was called adultery because his mother committed adultery and so his father killed her but it turns out in the process she has given back to adultery and then he called him adultery,it's confusing but adultery has never committed adultery although he kills many who commit adultery. "Boss is upstairs ",said the young man as adultery went to the stairs and knocked on the door that was there , without waiting for a minute the door opened ,it was DizzyDean ,"Adultery, you're here " said Dean,as adultery was about to enter ,"let's not enter,it's best we sort this now ",said Dean as he went down stairs adultery following behind him ,they passed the men exercising boxing as they went to the backrooms there ,he had a automobile engineers doing their jobs ,"I have been doing this mechanic job for a while ,my girlfriend is into cars and so she wanted to have this here ,you know women their not so complicated if you give them what they want ",said Dean ,"Yes women,how lovely they are but don't be lure into their fountain Dean",said adultery ,as dean laughed ,"I like the irony ",said Dean as he stood next to a white van and opened the the back doors ,there were bags inside 3 of them ,"do you know this van ?"said Dean ,as adultery walked towards it's and looked the sides even went to look at the front ,"it looks like it was just fixed ,but yeah I do know it ,it's familiar",said adultery as he was looking at the front ,he went back to Dean. "It's the Kazersdales delivery van,one of many ",said Dean,"I have heard of them ,Alex is one of them ",said adultery,"ahh yes that punk brat ", said Dean as he inhaled ,"so I want you to get rid of this van ,no trace don't even connect it to me or yourself ",said Dean,as adultery was caught by the bags he went to open them and saw gold coins inside them ,"gold coins ,Worldfare",said adultery,"yes the coins I don't know where they were going ",said Dean,"am I supposed to get rid of them too",said adultery,"oh no I'm keeping those and paying you using 20 of them,is that a deal ?",said Dean ,"fine by me ",said adultery as dean handed him the van keys ,"just be careful and don't get seen by these fuckers their everyone their like mosquitoes it's fucking annoying",said Dean as adultery entered in the car ,"hey what the Fuck are you doing ,you're supposed to put the Lamborghini rims not these weird Ferrari shit ",said Dean as he was shouting at the guy who was busy puting rims in tires next to him ,"are you on drugs ,oh fucking hell ",said Dean as he walked away 
------
The House Right next to the Stephenhood Burnt House in the Milesmars street 

more details on yesterday mass shooting in Decon College Kingmsmere east about an underaged gunman 21 years old Jerome Jerricore ,he was accused of carrying out a deadly attack that killed 9 of his classmates neighbors who knew jerome say they werent surprised .

Mary Stolenone : Many of the people here knew he was evil but we didnt do anything about it ,because we never epxected him to actually harm people . I hurts us to think his Evilness would make him kill at such a young age.

Jay Devlin : he wasnt quiet about that he would kill someone one day ,he always played with other teens acting like a killer as they ran away ,to me it was all just playing around 

More neighrbors from 2th Decon street  ,describe Jerome as a troubled boy with parents who also enjoyed turning a blind eye as their son becomes a serial killer 

-

"I can't believe this is actually happening in Kingsmere,it's supposed be Helen's Fields or Edenus",said the guy as he was sitting in the couch , a woman passed behind him as she watched the news a bit then opened the door ,"Are you seeing this love ?",said the guy ,"I am ,Honey - let's hope our boy doesn't become like him ",said the woman as she got out of the house here eyes quickly noticing the 2 men in black standing in from of the Stephenhood house and walked towards the 2 men who stood there ,"morning are you the hvi agents ",said the woman ,"yes we are Miss Woods",said Carl ,"ma'am,have you seen anyone besides us who has been here ",said Cobb,"yes i remember seeing a woman wearing black ,is that a problem?,sit",said the woman,"oh no miss woods ,we are just investigating ,touching this and touching that ,you should run along now ",said Carl as he was smiling then she left and he became serious,"if it was me robbing this house I'd choose to use this road that leads towards the Kingsbat saloon ,it's more inclined",said Carl ,"that's what I was thinking too ",said Cobb,"I feel like you're lying ",said Carl as Cobb started walking down the street,"this street reminds me of my retirement house in Helen's Fields ",said Carl 
------
Flashback

Young Raymond arrived at the street where he lived, 11 Avenue, Carcass Street.
The street was unusually lively.
A group of kids were playing soccer right in the middle of the road, shouting at each other as they chased the ball from one end to the other. Cars rarely came through here. The street was known as a no-driving zone unless someone had proper authorization, so the kids had practically claimed the road as their own playground.
Raymond continued walking toward home.
Then he spotted the truck.
It was parked directly in front of the Im-Ex shop, with several men carrying boxes from inside the building and loading them into the back.
One of them noticed Raymond.
“Boy! Come here and take these boxes in. Mom wants it done quickly.”
Raymond stopped.
“Charlie,” he said, walking toward him, “it never hurts to say you're the one who wants me to do it. Leave Mom out of it.”
Charlie laughed and handed him three boxes, stacking them on top of one another.
“Can't get enough of you talking back to your uncle, can you?”
Raymond struggled to keep the boxes balanced.
“What's in these things? They're damn heavy.”
“Move, kid.”
Before Raymond could complain, Charlie placed a fourth box on top of the stack.
He grinned.
“Get at it, boy. Use your back.”
Raymond rolled his eyes and started carrying the boxes toward the shop.
Inside, he made his way through the busy workspace and headed straight toward the back room.
When he reached the room, he could hear several people talking inside.
He entered.
His mother was there, standing among the boxes and counting them.
She looked up.
“Ray, put those down. We don't want them getting messed up, do we?”
Raymond carefully lowered the boxes.
“No, Mom.”
She looked at him.
“How was college?”
“Fine.”
Then he added,
“Vinnie's chasing after Michelle.”
His mother gave him a look.
“Don't want you chasing after danger.”
Raymond shrugged.
“I wasn't.”
“Good.”
She pointed toward another stack of boxes.
“Go bring me more.”
“Alright, Mom.”
Raymond turned around.
“Use your creaking back,” his mother added.
Raymond looked back at her.
“Sure thing, Mom.”
He headed outside.
A few of the workers passed him as they entered the shop, carrying more boxes.
When Raymond reached the truck, however, he stopped.
The boxes were already finished.
He looked around.
“Good job.”
Charlie climbed down from the back of the truck and walked over to him.
He reached into his pocket and handed Raymond some money.
“Five Crowns.”
Raymond looked at the money.
“Five Crowns, Charlie?”
Charlie raised an eyebrow.
“Five Crowns or five slaps in the face, boy.”
Raymond smirked.
“I'll slap you back.”
Charlie laughed.
“I'll tell Mom.”
Raymond shook his head.
“You're a snitch.”
Charlie turned around and walked back into the shop.
Raymond watched him disappear through the door.

Ray walked down the street, his phone in his hand as he casually scrolled through it.
The noise from the kids playing soccer still echoed behind him.
Despite the game, the street itself was unusually quiet. There were no cars passing through, no horns, no engines roaring in the distance. Just the occasional shout from the children whenever someone kicked the ball too far.
===

"Raymond!" Said Alex as she touched his shoulder ,"are you spacing out for no reason just cause I asked you why we are here ",said Alex ,"oh my ,bad.... nostalgia",said Raymond as he pushed opened the im-ex store door ,"so yesterday I was approached by a lady and she said she wants me to kill Hugo",said Raymond ,"Gold Hugo?" Said Alex as she followed behind Raymond ,"yes him ,and told me father owed her employer",said Raymond ,"we have enough money to pay them though",said Alex,"we do but they want their payment in blood and she said if I want to know more about the debt I should come here ",,said raymond,"ahh nice nice ,you should come here and so why am I with you here ?",said Alex,"to know the debt dad had and Lucille wanting Hugo dead ",said Raymond ,"I get it ,so we are looking for anything that has informations then ",said Alex ,"yeah let's split up "said raymond,"blah blah blah ,here's a gun "said Alex as he handed a gun at Raymond ,"I won't ask where you got it ",said Raymond ,"you wouldn't like to know ",said Alex as she left him. The two curious Georges wandered in the store looking for something they didn't know ,it was a treasure hunt and the treasure was a surprise. They flipped the place upside down not literally but just opening the boxes and looking under chairs and couches even the tilts ,they were scrutinizing the place with great enthusiasm that could have led to them using microscopes to find the traces of the mysterious treasure they were looking for but it didn't lead to that for Alex found a brief case inside a couch , literally inside a couch . And inside it was pictures and information of something that happened a while back when their father used to roam the streets of carcass with his wife as criminals delivering other criminals packages. Together Alex and Raymond sat down and read the information and it wasn't as entertaining as a football game.
Their father was responsible for asking the Hatters to killed the guards who had been sent by the Vandenhill family ,they had ought to find Raymond and kill him ,the Hatters faked his death in the process of killing the guards making the Kazersdales to be in debt of their help .  "So you're not brother ",said Alex ,"Seems so sister",said Raymond ,"Raymond Vandenhill ,sounds rich "said Alex ,"Raymond Kazersdale,sounds better  "said Raymond ,"I agree ,we need to burn all of this and kill Hugo or else we will find ourselves being haunted",said Alex ,"first time hearing  make sense",said Raymond ,"how kind of you brother " said Alex ,"well it seems we have a lot to handle now ",said Raymond ,"let's not involve Mom",said Alex as she left the room , leaving Raymond sitting there looking at the information before him with a nonchalant face then Alex entered the room carrying  gasoline,"are you looking forward to being burnt with this or what ",said Alex ,"I'm not ",said Raymond as he stood up and moved away ,"let's be quick ",said Alex ,"but we don't have to burn the entire shop only just these papers ",said Raymond Vandenhill,"oh yeah how very thoughtful of you Raymond Vandenhill ",said Alex as she smiled at him she continued pouring the gasoline everywhere . Then walked out of the store as Raymond was already outside waiting for her,"we can rebuild it ",said Alex ,Raymond looked around the street seeing cars passing by and people enjoying their day ,Alex lit up the fire and entered in the car ,leaving Raymond looking gazing at the flames of the burning store ,"are you going to wait till it fully burns down or what "said Alex,"do you have to ask questions like that ?",said Raymond ,"don't be an ass ,I have a lot of work at home "said Alex as Raymond walked towards the car and looked at the place once more and entered in the car .

------
Adultery Hazelnut at stopped the van at the traffic lights as he was waiting the green light to light up ,it is said they often light up after 15 seconds and he was counting the seconds till he noticed a in coming car that was in the wrong lane ,it was moving towards his car he mediately got out of the car as the car crashed on the van and in that car came out Arabella coughing,with her creem white dress bloody ,she was hurt but still walked ,she came out of the car , cracking her neck and carrying a gun on his hand then noticed the man looking at her ,"adultery?"said Arabella,"yes me"said adultery,"oh c'mon not you ,why do you have this van ",said Arabella,"I'm not allowed to say "said adultery "I will pay you twice the payment they gave you ",said Arabella,"they paid me 100 golden coins my lady ", said adultery,"then I'll pay 300 ,you should be going now ",said Arabella as adultery walked away like nothing happened while people in the street were amazed making a traffic behind the van since it was parked in front of the traffic lights
Raymond and Alex were driving by as the was traffic in their lane ,"seems there's a traffic today here ",said Alex ,"it's my first time seeing one here ",said Raymond ,"maybe it's cause you don't get out more often ",said Alex as they reached the traffic lights and noticed their van crashed into a Mercedes Benz and a lady inside the car ,"isn't that ours ?"said Alex ,"it looks like it ",said Raymond as they part next to it and got out of the car ,there were few people standing there already making ambulance call ,"how did our van get here ?" Said Alex with her head in the Mercedes Benz checking the pulse of the lady who was inside ,"well she's alive "said Alex as Raymond walked towards the Mercedes and Alex went to look at the van,"I'll make a call to the Kingsbat riders they'll be here to pick it up " said Alex ,"alright",said Raymond as he noticed the lady in the car was Arabella Cavendish,who had already opened her eyes looking at him dead in the eyes ,"hello again Mike ",said Arabella as Raymond was speechless ,"ain't you going to help me out ,my legs might be broken "said Arabella,"let's hope not ",said Raymond as he opens the Mercedes Benz passenger door and entered trying to pull her out ,"easy ,easy " said Arabella,"ain't you being too excited princes"said Raymond ,"well mike ,ain't you too playful for gentleman.like.you"said Arabella,Raymond picked her up and put her at the back sits of his car and closed the door ,"Alex, I'll be taking her home and you wait here for your men and sort it up",said Raymond going to entered in the  car ,Alex quicky walked towards the passenger side,"why me ,you can just wait for them " said Alex ,"Alex ,I trust you can handle this,just get the van and we'll meet home "said Raymond reversing and leaving just like that .



